British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 5: Media, Environment and Society.
Lesson 5: Media, Environment and Society: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a speaking task about media.
Today you will practise language connected to media.
Target language: passive voice basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for media, environment and society. You will learn useful language connected to media and practise passive voice basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.